OSDOCS-16845: CQA for NOP-4 SR-IOV Operator (Installation and Config) (#105729)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-sriov-configuring-operator.adoc

[id="nw-sriov-configuring-operator_{context}"]
= Configuring the SR-IOV Network Operator

[role="_abstract"]
To manage SR-IOV network devices and network attachments in your cluster, configure the Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) Network Operator. You an then deploy the Operator components to your cluster.

.Procedure

> . Create a `SriovOperatorConfig` custom resource (CR). The following examples creats a file named `sriovOperatorConfig.yaml` that contains the following YAML:

Reviewer: _that contains the following YAML_ seems a bit redundant
```suggestion
. Create a `SriovOperatorConfig` custom resource (CR). The following examples creates a file named `sriovOperatorConfig.yaml`:
```
